Shell commands are complicated, but there are built-in explanations and manuals within shell.

"man" allows us to access the manual for a certain command.

"man cp" displays the manual for the copy command.

Bash on Windows might not have the "man" command. 
In this case we can use "<command> --help" command instead.

We can use arrow keys to scroll up and down through text contents in shell when the information is presented in the shell pager.

On most systems, the pager will be the "less" program. There are lots of commands you can use to navigate through files with "less", but the bare essentials are:
    d - Scroll down half a page
    u - Scroll up half a page
    j / k - Scroll down or up a line. You can also use the arrow keys for this
    q - Quit
    /<search> - Search for text
    n - When searching, find the next occurrence
    N - When searching, find the previous occurrence

To open a file with "less", use "less /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3".

We can use "echo $PAGER" to check the pager type.

These are manual sections for the shell:
    Section 1 - Executable programs or shell commands
    Section 2 - System calls (functions provided by the kernel)
    Section 3 - Library calls (functions within program libraries)
    Section 4 - Special files (usually found in /dev)
    Section 5 - File formats and conventions (e.g. /etc/passwd)
    Section 6 - Games
    Section 7 - Miscellaneous (including macro packages and conventions), e.g. man(7), groff(7)
    Section 8 - System administration commands (usually only for root)
    Section 9 - Kernel routines (Non standard)

Section 1 contains common shell programs and commands.
Section 2 contains systems function calls. (Things like the command to change file ownership.)
Section 3 contains library calls. (Useful to write programs to run on the system.)
Section 4 contains device that lives in the "/dev/*" folder.
Section 5 contains the details for special files in the system.
Section 6 contains silly fun games in shell.
Section 7 contains miscellaneous documentations.
Section 8 contains system commands.

"man time" and "man time(3)" yield different results.

"man time" finds the manual for the first "time" entry in the manual, which probably means the time in section 1.
"man time(3)" finds the manual for the "time" command in the library calls section.

Bash on Windows does not have the "tldr" command too. (It is the short form of "too long didn't read")
We can install it with "npm install -g tldr".

A good website for shell cheat sheet is www.cheat.sh