"wget" is a command that means web get.
"wget" accepts a web address and download into the current directory.

"-O" is a parameter to indicate where to put the output, and what will be its new name.
E.g.: wget -O ~/playground.zip https://effective-shell.com/downloads/effective-shell-samples.zip

"unzip" is a command to extract a file from a zip file.

"rm" is a command that means deleting a file permanently, very risky.
"rm" will not delete a directory, luckily.

"-r" flag means recursive.
If "rm" is followed by a "-r" flag, it deletes everything in the directory as well as the directory itself.

"tree" is a command that shows the contents of a directory.
"tree" is not installed by default on all systems.

"file" is a command that shows the details of a particular file, works out-of-the-box in Windows.

"cp" is a command that means copy.

"mv" is a command that means move. It allows the movement of files and also the rename of files.
"mv pictures/loas-gch-copy.JPG pictures/loas-gch-copy.jpeg" means changing the "loas-gch-copy.JPG" file into "loas-gch-copy.jpeg", changing its format in the process.

"mkdir" is a command that means create directory.
"mkdir 2019/outdoors/pictures" will fail because the "2019" and "2019/outdoors" directories are non-existent.
"mkdir -p 2019/outdoors/pictures" will work because the "-p" flag means "make the parent directory if it doesn't already exist".

"rmdir" is a command that means deleting a directory.
"rmdir" doesn't delete directories with files in them. 

"cat" concatenates files and writes the output to the screen.
"cat ursula-le-guin.txt" writes output for 1 file.
"cat quotes/*" writes output for all files in the quotes directory.

"cat quotes/* > quotes/all-quotes.txt" first concatenates all files in the quotes directory, then redirects the output into a file called "all-quotes.txt"
">" is a redirect operator, it tells the shell not to write to the screen, but a file instead.

"zip" creates a zipped file from a directory.
"zip -r 2019-outdoor-pictures.zip 2019" means zipping the "2019" directory and everything inside it to a zipped file named "2019-outdoor-pictures.zip".
